Add: note about rate limiting on v1.1 (#4415)
circleci/circleci-docs: src-api/README.md

This folder contains the build tooling we use for automatically generating
documentation for the CircleCI API v1 and v2. Both currently use
[Slate](https://github.com/slatedocs/slate) and the latter uses
[Widdershins](https://github.com/Mermade/widdershins) to create documentation
with a spec (that follows the Open API Spec) generated from the CircleCI code
base.

## Contributing

### I want to change something in API v1.

> Go to source/includes/* and select the file you want to change. Then push your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to source/includes/* and select the file you want to change. Push your
```

> changes and the CI build will generate the new documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes, and then the CI build will generate the new documentation.
```

### I want to change something in API v2?

> You can't make direct changes to the API v2 from within this repo because it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot make direct changes to the API v2 from within this repo because it is
```

> build from a **spec** (Using Open API). The spec is generated from a backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built from a **spec** (Using Open API). The specification is generated from a backend
```

service, from within the code; you will need to speak with a team member who

> manages/works on our API's and ask them to make a change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manages/works on our APIs and ask them to make a change.
```

### I want to see V1 changes locally.

> You'll need to follow Slate's local development process. Most of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to follow Slate's local development process. Most of the following content
```

> is parroted from their docs. You're going to need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is parroted from their docs. You will need:
```

 - **Linux or macOS**
 - **Ruby, version 2.3.1 or newer**

>  - **Bundler** — If Ruby is already installed, but the `bundle` command doesn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Bundler** — If Ruby is already installed, but the `bundle` command does not
```

>    work, just run `gem install bundler` in a terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   work, run `gem install bundler` in a terminal window.
```

**NOTE:** The original Slate repository requires that you _fork_ the repo to

> build your docs. Instead, we've vendored the repo into _our_ docs. To develop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build your docs. Instead, we have vendored the repo into _our_ docs. To develop
```

> _our_ API locally, execute the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_our_ API locally, execute the following command:
```

### Updating Slate

> Slate isn't exactly a library that you can `npm install` or `npm update`. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slate is not exactly a library where you can run the `npm install` or `npm update` commands. If
```

Slate releases an update that we need, currently, it will require us to download

> their repo again, and replace the src files (but don't delete our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their repo again, and replace the `src` files (but don't delete our
```
